Prego.
Pronto.
Is this Dr. Martins?
Yes. this is Dr. Martins.
-Who is this?
-NASA Space
Biosciences Research.
We're patching
through your call.
"My call"? I--
Hello?
Who is it now? Why can't I talk
-to the same person?
-Hello. this is Dr. Martins.
-Oh. please!
-Who is this?
Something came out of your tank!
Okay. slow down.
Can you tell me
-your name. please. sir?
-I told the man!
I told them all!
Six times I've called already!
Always a different person!
W-- Where am I calling now?
Rome. I'm a research
microbiologist at Sapienza.
-Oh. why'd they give me you?
-I--
I consult for NASA sometimes.
epidemiological surveillance.
Now it's your turn.
Who are you. sir?
Enos Minjarra.
I live in Kiwirrkurra.
Kiwirrkurra. where is that?
We're dying!
We're all dying!
Something came out of your tank!
What tank?
The one uncle found.
near Tanami Basin.
-Australia?
-Yes.
long time ago. in the '70s!
But now. something came out.
and if you're NASA.
this is your tank!
You have to help us!
Where did the tank come from?
Where did it come from...
-Hello?
-Are you still there?
-Hello...
-Sir...
Taxi!
Can you hear me. sir?
I can't hear you.
Help us.
Dr. Hero Martins.
Major Robert Quinn.
DTRA.
This is my partner.
Lieutenant Colonel Trini Romano.
How are ya?
Where's the rest of your team?
You're looking at us.
Okay. let's get started.
I thought
the Skylab Space Station
fell in the Indian Ocean in '79.
Well. most of it did.
but when it broke up
in the atmosphere.
one of the O2 tanks
was recovered near here.
Some guy found it.
put it in front of his house.
thought people might pay
to come see it.
Just an empty oxygen tank?
No. this one wasn't empty.
It was sent up
with a microbial organism.
a parasitic fungus
that could adapt
from one species to another.
So. we sent up
a terrestrial fungus
and it came back down.
-What's the problem?
-The problem is.
I think what went into the tank
is not what came out.
And now. everyone in Kiwirrkurra
is dying. Or dead.
No one has been in or out
since that phone call.
-Epinephrine. yeah?
-Yeah.
I would rather not discover
a lethal allergen the hard way.
When were you
first notified?
Less than 30 hours ago.
So. when did
the outbreak start?
That's unclear.
Have you been called
for this sort of thing before?
Space shit?
Oh. all the time.
-Robert.
-Sorry. No.
Bioweapons
and nuclear threats. yes.
Extraterrestrials. meh. no.
Why would
they intentionally send
a hazardous organism into space?
Research? To develop
an antifungal medication
for astronauts.
Switching bodycams on.
A suitcase.
-Somebody tried to leave.
-Or they arrived.
Maybe people come from
all over Australia
just to stay here.
...and I am the light.
He who believes in me
shall rejoice.
It shall be--
Fourteen houses.
12 cars. and no people.
So.
where the hell is everybody?
I found it! Over here.
Uh-huh.
Here we go.
We don't know
what we're dealing with.
Don't touch the tank.
Stay behind me.
Huh.
It's a folkloric solution.
potatoes and dish soap.
The guy must've been
trying to clean it.
Microfissures in the tank.
polysaccharide in the potato.
sodium palmitate in the soap.
Dripped into the tank.
it's protein rich.
The guy might not have meant to.
but he created one hell
of a pro-growth environment.
All it needs is some water
and it would really multiply.
Who the hell are you?
Hey. can you. um...
just grab the loop in my suit?
-I'm gonna pull against you.
-Yeah?
But just don't let me go. okay?
Yeah. I gotcha.
All right. if I start to fall.
just pull back hard.
Ready?
Jesus Christ.
-What is it?
-I don't know.
But it's big. fast.
and it's heterotrophic.
-You okay?
-Yeah. thanks.
Hey! I found a body!
-I've got you.
-Thanks.
Pockmarks in the skin.
erupted flesh.
uh...
he... he burst.
You don't say.
Plates of the skull
are split.
all eight seamlines.
-Oh. my God.
-What?
It's all of them.
Why the hell they
all climb their roofs?
-It told them to.
-The fungus?
Yes. That's how
an insect-pathogenic
fungus reproduces.
It controls all brain function.
movement. reflex. impulse.
It's driven to infect
other hosts
any way it can.
Sometimes. it tells them
to climb and wait.
-For what?
-For the fungus to overfill
its body cavity and burst.
And spread.
But that's...
that's only insects.
It was.
Jesus!
Get your sample. Doc.
and let's get the hell
out of here.
Maybe the tank
picked up a hitchhiker.
maybe a spore penetrated
its shell upon reentry.
but... however it happened.
I think we've created
a new species.
We need to burn this place.
To the ground. Right away.
A couple M47s loaded with
white phosphorus
ought to do the job.
Yeah.
That will cover
any spread.
Dr. Martins.
Dr. Martins?
Come on. we need to go.
All right. I'm done.
Come on. let's move.
You smell that? Burnt toast?
-In your suit?
-It's not possible.
My suit is sealed
and overpressured.
there's nothing in here
but oxygen and clean CO2.
Feel anything?
A little hot.
We'll lose the suits
at the jeep.
They need to burn here anyway.
We'll check yours for breaches.
Who the hell's gonna store
this thing? CDC?
No. Atlanta and Galveston
will both classify
extraterrestrial.
They'll reject it outright.
Fort Detrick?
Still
in a top-down review
after their last breach.
I wouldn't trust it to them.
What about Atchison?
What. the mines in Kansas?
Exactly.
nobody ever uses them.
Yeah. not bad.
No. No!
Hero? You okay?
Stop! Stop!
Can you hear me?
Spread. spread. spread. spread.
spread. spread. spread!
Hero. can you hear me?
She's infected! Stop!
Stop!
I can't move my legs.
Hero! Stop!
Stop!
Hero. no! Listen to me! Stop.
Hero. don't! Don't!
What are you--
No. Hero. Stop.
Put it down. Hero.
Hero. you're infected!
Don't! No. no. no. no!
Oh. God.
Robert.
Robert!
Making the decision
to change your life
is a courageous first step.
Once you're convinced
of the need for change.
some of that courage will need
to be directed outward
into a world that would prefer
you stay exactly as you are.
Dealing with difficult
and confrontational people
is. like many things. a skill
that can be developed
over time.
but no change
is possible without--
Well. shithead?
I told you. Griffin.
can't help you.
I wish I could.
but I can't. Sorry.
I knew you were stupid.
didn't think
you were that stupid.
I'm not stupid.
I mean. I-- Listen.
I get you're my boss and all.
and I would help you if I could.
but it's messed up for me...
...vis-a-vis my. you know.
personal situation.
and I'm not gonna do it.
Okay. so you think about it.
No. I wish I didn't even
know about it.
What's the big goddamn deal?
Nobody's gonna know!
I've heard those words before.
-You do it.
-I don't work nights.
and no one's gonna come
for that shit in the daytime.
-Well.
-So. just let 'em in
so you and me
don't have a problem.
Why do we gotta have a problem?
'Cause you know.
but you're not in.
and if you're not in
and you know.
then we got a problem.
You got the new help tonight.
She's on walk and lock check
till 12:00.
What's her name?
Don't get any ideas.
She's already hitting on me.
Ugh.
Something's beeping
in there! Fix it!
Wait. wha--
Asshole.
...expect heavy rains tonight
with showers starting
in the early evening
and intensifying overnight.
Thunderstorms are likely
with strong gusts of wind
and potential local--
Ah. Mrs. Rooney. how's it going?
Staying cool?
I need
to get into SB-114.
It's my anniversary.
Ah. okay. Superhot out. right?
Kinda weird this time of year.
but I guess we gotta--
I need to get into it quick.
God. absolutely.
Storage emergency.
I totally get it.
It's snowing. it's sunny.
it's raining. it's hot.
I... I don't know.
but guess we gotta get
used to it. you know?
-Global warming--
-Could you stop talking?
Yeah.
Please. let me get the elevator
for you. Just one sec.
All right there. Mrs. Rooney.
Uh. well.
try not to get lost down there.
It can be pretty confusing.
I mean. even for me.
and I'm here every day.
-Going down.
-Keep an eye on you!
Fifty-two years...
Hmm.
Sub-level one.
Happy anniversary.
Okay.
Maybe...
Maybe. first...
we'll have a nap.
Feeling unhappy. stressed.
and exhausted as a result
of constantly putting...
...other people's priorities
ahead of yours...
Huh...
S-- Sorry. Hello.
Uh. c-- can I get your opinion
on something? Real quick?
Sorry again.
So. what?
You just started
picking up shifts this week
or--
Sorry.
Yeah. it's a pretty shit job.
you know.
but whatever.
Discount on storage.
I got a lot of thoughts
on that though.
Basically. don't do it.
Hanging onto all your shit
forever?
It's a really terrible idea.
This whole industry is a racket.
It's like crack.
You just keep piling more
and more shit in there.
and pretty soon.
you can't throw anything out--
I don't hear anything.
Well. I definitely heard it.
Well. not definitely.
I mean. I was. like.
I don't know. aware of it.
you know what I mean?
Like. I was having an argument
with my brain about it.
Does...
does that ever happen to you?
You are very chatty.
Uh. yeah. I know.
-It can be a problem.
-Mmm.
-I'm Teacake.
-Hmm. "Teacake."
You must have loved that book.
What book?
You're named after
a famous character from a book.
Oh.
No. that ain't it.
Long story. Fairly annoying.
Oh.
What?
I said
I do not want to hear it.
Listen. I've got a problem--
Yeah. well.
you always have a problem.
-I've gotta go.
-Don't hang up on--
Long story. Fairly annoying.
Yeah.
I'm Naomi.
Nice to meet you.
-See what I'm saying?
-Yeah.
Hello? Hello?
I'm calling about
the 1978 Plymouth Duster
for sale.
-Are you there?
-Give me five minutes.
-Who was that?
-My other wife.
How can you be funny right away
in the middle of the night?
It's a gift.
-One of the kids?
-No. new voice.
I'm sure it's nothing.
Somebody having a panic attack.
Get back to sleep.
You wanna call Griffin?
Under no circumstance
do I wanna call Griffin.
He tried that shit
on you already?
He's a pig. Pigs do.
Damn. call the office.
Get his ass fired.
Mmm. It won't play out that way.
and I need the job.
He ask you to flip those TVs
he racked yet?
That has not come up.
Oh. it will. Trust me.
He's got. like.
a million of 'em stashed
in a couple units.
up there. downstairs.
That.
Oh.
It's coming
from inside the wall.
Yeah.
Huh.
What do you wanna do about it?
What I wanna do
is take this picture down.
go to the tool closet.
grab a claw bar.
smash a hole through
this cheap-ass gypsum Sheetrock.
and see what's beeping
back there.
Well. I'm okay with that
if you are.
W-- I said that's
what I wanna do.
-not what I'm gonna do.
-Oh. come on. we can. uh...
We can hang the picture back up
over the hole to cover it.
bring in a piece
of Sheetrock tomorrow.
I'm handy.
I can help you patch it up.
nobody'll know the difference.
-Why would we do that?
-I have a very curious nature.
Clearly. No. I don't think so.
It's my. uh...
kid's dad.
Oh.
High school. Shit happens.
Yeah. That it does.
He is a hopeless man-child.
and that sort of shit
makes me wanna
smash through walls.
Let's. let's do it.
So we can see
a dead smoke alarm?
-I don't think so.
-Maybe it's a smoke alarm.
but maybe
it's something terrible.
I mean. we're guards. right?
We're supposed
to guard the place.
Yeah. You know.
I need this job too.
You're not gonna lose it.
No. you don't understand.
Like. I have to have this job.
I get it.
No. you don't.
I mean. it's like a condition.
I said I get it.
I've lived here all my life.
I know what
a parole condition is.
and I know where
black-and-gray tattoos
with shitty ballpoint ink
get done.
Ellsworth. right?
I mean.
I'm hoping it was Ellsworth.
Yeah. it was.
Great! So. you're not violent.
Now. will you go
and get the claw bar
and smash through
that wall for me?
Please?
-Go ahead.
-0474. Blue indigo. What's up?
We're getting
a temperature-breach alert
from a decommissioned facility
in the Atchison mines
in eastern Kansas.
Yeah. I wondered about that.
given the weather changes.
I wrote a memo in 2007
on that very subject.
I don't see it
in the file.
And I called about
five years after that.
And again two years ago.
What time did the alert come in?
3:14 p.m.
Central Standard Time.
And you're just calling me now?
It took some time
to figure out who to call.
Okay. I'm 73 miles
from Seymour Johnson.
I can be there in 90 minutes.
I need a plane from there
and a car waiting
on the other end.
Is it your opinion
this qualifies
as a Heightened Threat?
My opinion is it qualified
as an Exceptional Threat
at 3:14 p.m.
I'll see what I can do about--
I'm not finished.
I don't have any equipment.
I need everything on the list.
I'm sorry. Mr. Quinn.
I'm just not familiar with--
I wrote an ECI white paper
in 2009.
It's compartmented
and stored in a clean vault.
Read the report
and have everything listed
in Appendix A
in the car in Kansas
when I land. Understood?
I can't do all that
without multiple authorizations.
Listen to me.
This fungus
is intensely adaptable.
It will mutate and spread
in unpredictable ways.
Get Gordon Gray to clear you.
Only Gordon Gray.
Don't call anyone else.
What's your name?
You know
we can't give that kind
of information
out over the phone.
Just your first one.
even a fake one.
something to call you.
Abigail.
Okay. Abigail.
Remember those good grades
you got in high school?
And the sports
you trained your ass off for?
The college
you fought to get into?
Remember the abuse
you put up with
your first year
in the department?
And the personal life
you've given up
for the last. I don't know.
from your voice. it sounds
like maybe ten. 12 years now?
-Nine.
-Nine. All those sacrifices.
all the shit you've had to eat
because you wanted to do
what was right for your country.
This is what it was for.
It's worse
than you can possibly imagine.
We are at Pucker Factor Ten.
Abigail.
But you and I
are gonna sort this shit.
Sounds good?
Yes.
-Yes. sir.
-Get the stuff on the list.
I'll be at Seymour
in 90 minutes.
A whole bunch of stuff
back here.
Sorry.
What's that say?
I gotta get
a closer look.
Sorry.
Huh.
"NTC. Thermistor Breach."
Huh. Hold on. give me a second.
Oh. my God! Are you okay?
Yep! Planned that.
Whoa.
"Airtight Integrity." yeah.
"plus or minus
0.1 degree Celsius."
"Cold Chain Synchronicity."
Jesus. there's.
like. 20 of them.
But that's the only one
that's blinking.
-"NTC. Thermistor Breach."
-What's it do?
Well. a thermistor is part
of an electrical circuit.
There are two kinds.
the positive kind
where resistance rises
with temperature.
and the negative kind
where the resistance falls
when the temperature goes up.
So. like a thermometer?
Um. no. like a circuit
that's reactive to temperature.
-Like a thermometer?
-It's not a thermometer.
What? Are you all science-y
and shit?
Well. I wouldn't say.
"and shit."
Take a lot of science.
prerequisite for vet school.
Huh.
Whoa.
Hey! Wha-- what are you doing?
That was fun. Oh. my God.
Oh.
Oh. cool!
Yeah. this place was a...
It was military storage
back in the day.
weapons and what have you.
They cleaned it out
and sold it a long time ago.
Storage is only
on the ground floor
and two sub-levels.
But this lab
is what they care about.
See the sensors?
They're all in bunches
down here.
-the lower sub-basements.
-"SB-4."
You wanna go down and see it?
No.
How? I mean. they sealed it off.
That.
It's a tube ladder.
-I'm not going down there.
-Oh. come on!
This is. like. the most fun
I've had in years.
This is like a night out for me.
This is great.
Jesus.
-That's depressing.
-Okay.
What. you don't go out?
Not really.
What about for. like. a beer?
I don't drink.
Not even for one beer?
That would be drinking.
You know what?
I thought you were fun. Teacake.
-You started out fun.
-Who. me?
Oh. I'm fun.
Oh. I'm huge fun.
You're the one who just said
your best night out in years
is vandalizing your workplace.
And that's cool. and I'm...
I'm. like. cooperating.
You look at me with those eyes
you got that say.
"Please. smash a hole
in the wall." I'm on board.
And then you say.
"Let's crawl
into this weird space
and check it out."
Still good. I'm into it.
But then. you come at me. like.
"Go crawl down the tube ladder
a couple hundred feet
"into the blocked-off part
of the abandoned government shit
"and see why the thermistor
alarm is going off."
and a guy's just gotta
take a second to. like.
think things through.
you feel me?
You like my eyes?
Yeah. In fact. I do.
-That's very sweet.
-My point is
I'm kinda easy to...
talk into things.
and that's why I got
the problems I got.
but I spend a lot of time
working on my personal shit.
so I don't just walk
into everything
that everybody asks me to do
all the time.
which is what
I'm doing right now.
All right?
I'm just taking a little...
A moment.
Okay.
Word of advice.
if a guy who goes by "Hazy Davy"
ever asks you
to wait behind the wheel
while he runs in the convenience
store real quick.
you should for sure remember
you got
something else to do right away.
okay?
I'm sorry.
I... I was not being cool.
That's more like it.
You coming or what?
You think that picture's
gonna cover that hole?
Yeah. it'll be fine!
Going down.
Sub-level two.
Okay.
I think it's this way.
What. some janitor's closet?
That doesn't make sense.
The only person who comes
in here is Dave.
and he's a horrible janitor.
so he's never in here.
That's weird. it's supposed
to go 50 feet that way.
Is that an outline?
Oh!
That was cool.
Thanks.
Oh. this is crazy! Do...
Do you think we're gonna get
in trouble for this?
Probably.
Oh!
I mean.
there's an alarm going off.
Who are they gonna call.
cops? No.
Call Griffin?
Absolutely not.
Plus. he crunk
as shit by now. dawg.
-Why do you talk like that?
-Like what?
Like you're from the hood.
Everybody I know
talks like this.
Well. you know me now.
and I don't talk like that.
Yeah. that's 'cause
you're all smart and shit
with your science
and your vet school
and your general what-have-you.
You know what you are?
Loquacious.
-"Loquacious"?
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah. I like that.
It's like some detective movie
from the '70s.
"Loquacious Jackson.
"he ain't bringing
anybody home alive."
You ever see Foxy Brown?
Man. that movie is the shit!
When she pulls the gun
out of her hair?
Oh. that part was so classic.
What's that mean
by the way. "loquacious"?
Talking is easy for you.
Yeah. I guess so.
So.
what's your real name?
Uh. Travis.
Travis!
That's a nice name.
you should use it more.
How do you think you'd pee
in one of these things?
-I have no idea.
-Like a little. uh...
So. where does your nickname
come from?
I don't know you well enough.
There it is! It's here!
Oh. my God!
That's it! The tube ladder!
Great!
Okay. Okay.
Jesus!
Whoa.
Holy shit!
How far down
do you think it goes?
I don't know. at least 400.
maybe 500 feet?
-Hey!
-My God.
Okay. So. you're
going down first.
Okay.
Good luck!
Ridiculous bullshit
I gotta put up with
from this woman. I swear to God.
Hi. this is Naomi.
Please leave a message.
Hi. honey.
Uh. it's me. Well--
This is what happens.
You know.
you don't talk to someone.
they've got no choice
but to show up
at your place of work.
I mean. it's just what happens.
Okay. look.
I've got a problem. okay?
And I can't go home.
and I don't know what to do.
and the problem is that...
The problem is.
um. it's in my trunk.
Okay? And I'm here now.
and my trunk is here. obviously.
and I need your help.
So. I'm coming in.
I'm coming in.
No. No. you're dead.
You're dead.
You're supposed to be dead!
Mr. Scroggins?
Mr. Scrogg-- You're alive!
Listen. I'm so sorry
I shot you. man.
But you're okay!
What the hell?
What happened to you?
Mr. Scroggins. come here.
Mr. Scroggins. come here! Wait.
No. no. no. no!
Don't go up there!
Ugh.
Oh!
So. is your kid a boy or a girl?
A... girl.
Huh.
-Name?
-Sarah. She's six.
You're pretty young. you know.
for. like. a kid.
Okay.
-Did you think twice about that?
-Having her?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. of course. I was 18.
You regret it?
Sorry. is that. like.
a messed up thing to say?
No. it's...
real. like. really real.
-Most guys don't ask about her.
-Oh.
Well. I... I don't mean to get
all personal or anything.
That's okay.
"DTRA access only."
Man. I sure would like to know
what those letters stand for.
What if it's "Don't touch.
Radiation. asshole?"
You know. that would be
some amusing shit.
You know. I'm... I'm cool with
going back up if you want.
-You got it?
-Yeah.
It's actually...
lighter than I thought.
Huh.
That's weird.
-Oh.
-Hot?
Cold. Freezing.
That's... weird.
I don't hear any...
pumps or anything.
Underground cold spring?
I... I guess so.
It's coming from in there.
You wanna open it?
-No. I'm good.
-I'm good.
Wait...
What the...
Oh. it's a rat king!
What the hell's a rat king?
They wrote about them
in the Middle Ages
during the plague.
They thought they were
like a bad omen.
No shit. it's a bad omen.
Look at this thing.
How'd they get like that?
Did their tails get. like.
knotted and stuck together
with pine sap or something?
Holy shit!
That one's eating the other one.
Well. this is some horrific.
repugnant shit. man.
I have never seen
anything like this
in my entire goddamn life.
and I've seen some crazy shit.
This is fucked!
It's not pine sap.
it's like a slime mold?
I think you're making it angry.
It's not a mold.
There's no froth.
It's moving.
it's. like. fungal ooze.
God. that is a lot of fungus!
What is that stuff?
Mm...
Yo. what are you doing?
Naomi!
-The door's hot.
-Yeah.
And there's green shit
coming out of that room.
There's a goddamn rat king.
and curiosity is awesome
and everything.
but I think it's time we get
the hell out of here. okay?
Me too.
Did you get any
of that shit on you?
No.
You sure?
-No.
-Great.
Find more people.
Find more people...
Find more people!
Gotta find Naomi.
I gotta find Naomi.
No. Hero. stop!
Put it down. Hero.
Hero.
you're infected! Hero!
Don't!
No. no. no. no!
Que paso. Abigail?
I was very specific.
Is there a problem?
My screen has you
over Fayetteville already.
You have me in a modified
command transport.
which means it's official.
and I'm logged.
There's gonna be a welcoming
committee on the other end.
You didn't call Gordon Gray.
Mr. Gray passed away
a-year-and-a-half ago.
I see. That explains a lot.
-I'm sorry.
-Who did you call instead?
Thank you. Lieutenant.
You can clear the line now.
Yes. sir.
Hello. Robert.
How's the back?
Hey. Jerabek.
I thought you put this one
to bed 20 years ago.
Eighteen.
Apparently. it woke up.
Sounds like
a broken thermistor to me.
That would be nice to think.
I don't share
this particular obsession
of yours and Gordon's.
You never saw what it can do.
No one has
because it's been safely
contained for 20 years.
Till you sealed the place up
and sold it.
It was contained. Permanently.
Sure. unless Gordon died
and the climate changed
and the underground spring
warmed up.
Oh. shit. That all happened.
I will not get sucked into
this conversation with you.
You're on that airplane solely
as a gesture of respect
to the old man.
Threat assessment
and a sober report
from Atchison.
that's all I want.
No off-the-book stuff. clear?
I'll check it out
and go home.
Oh. and by the way.
you're welcome.
I'm not exactly
on the clock anymore.
You should probably take me
off the file.
Yeah. I'll do that.
Up yours. asshole.
I'm still here. Robert.
I know.
Abigail?
I'm secure.
on my personal cell.
I take it you read
my white paper.
I did.
Was it as bad as what you wrote?
It's worse. Abigail.
And Jerabek and all the people
in power now
don't understand that.
They would stop us from doing
what needs to be done
until it's too late.
-But we won't let them.
-What do you need from me?
Airplane Wi-Fi won't be
secure enough
for the conversations
I need to have.
so you have
to make the calls for me.
Start with a former agent
named Trini Romano.
Tell her "Margo
is under the weather."
I'm not saying
I... I am. Darius.
I... I'm just saying I'm late.
I'm... I'm really sorry.
Do you mind?
Excuse me.
Clear.
Trini will help you
with the list.
even item seven.
Especially item seven.
Believe it or not. Abigail.
I've done all this before.
Including item seven?
Call Trini Romano.
Jesus!
DTRA. Defense Threat
Reduction Agency.
Oh.
Who are these guys?
What the hell?
"Pyongyang Biotoxin
Briefing Notes"?
-Oh. my God.
-I know.
-Travis.
-What?
What's going on?
Holy shit.
I...
am confused.
Huh.
That fucking deer
just took the fucking elevator.
How does that even happen?
Fifty-two years...
Whoever DTRA is.
we gotta call 'em. like. now.
Going up.
Get out of here
and then call them?
Yeah. stairs.
That's. like.
some seriously upsetting shit.
Mother...
That's not natural.
Uh-oh.
-Thank you.
-Uh-huh.
Honey?
Mike?
Hi.
Yo. you were in the elevator
with that thing?
Are you okay. man?
-I shot Mr. Scroggins.
-You what?
Wait. who the hell
is Mr. Scroggins?
It's his parents' cat.
I loved that cat.
What is wrong with you?
Why would you do that?
I didn't know it was loaded
and then I thought he was dead.
but he blew up.
Now he's green stuff.
-So. this is Dad. huh?
-Shut up.
Open your mouths.
I wanna throw up in it.
-What?
-Open...
-your... mouth!
-Uh-oh!
What in the name
of heaven's glory?
-Oh. Jesus--
-Naomi!
-This way!
Come on! Come on!
This way! This way!
Oh...
Naomi!
Where are you?
Shit.
-This way! This way!
-Okay!
Naomi!
I'm coming for you!
Oh. God!
Come on!
-Come on!
-Where are you?
-Naomi!
-Close it!
It's jammed!
No! Don't!
Naomi!
What's wrong with you?
Um. the DTRA has a number
for a place called Fort Belvoir.
Yeah. yeah.
It's a military base.
So do I call them.
or do I call the cops?
-Call the fucking Army.
-Okay.
How's it possible
you're still alive?
Too mean to die.
Sexy ride. Very practical.
Don't even start.
Yep. it's all there.
Including item seven?
No. we. uh...
We have to pick that one up.
Are you kidding me?
Abigail?
We got a call
from inside Atchison.
-Who?
-Civilian. 24-year-old woman.
-How'd she get your number?
-She googled DTRA off a door
and called the emergency number.
Okay. she's no dummy. Good.
I have her on the other line
on the burner.
-You want her?
-Yes.
Hang on. Her name's Naomi.
Civilian. inside the facility.
I hope
she's enjoyed a full life.
Hello. Naomi. My name is Robert.
Ask him what in the name
of Christ is going on!
I hear someone else there
with you.
Could you please ask him
to shut the fuck up?
What's he saying?
Travis. can you please
shut the fuck up?
Okay. Um. we have
a real problem here.
There's. like. a virus or...
or a fungus...
Correct on the second one.
I know all about it.
Are you somewhere safe?
We're... We're locked
in a storage unit.
Stay there.
Has anyone come into direct
physical contact
with the fungus?
At least one person.
The deer!
Tell him about the deer!
Deer! The deer!
Um. there was a deer.
and it was infected
and it... it blew up.
-Inside or outside?
-I'm sorry.
did you hear what I just said?
I said it blew up.
I heard you. And I asked where.
In the hallway.
Yeah. that means
it didn't try to climb.
so it's adapting.
finding new ways to spread.
Okay. listen. Naomi.
You called the right people.
Some of us have encountered
this situation before.
Stay put. do you hear me?
Do not let it make contact
with your skin.
And do not call anyone else.
Speak only to Abigail
or to me. Naomi.
-Understand?
-I understand.
Keep Travis calm.
I heard my name.
Is he talking about me?
He sounds like the type
who might try to run.
Don't let him.
Forty minutes.
You're gonna be fine.
I promise.
We're gonna be fine.
They're gonna die. aren't they?
Probably.
It's. like. some zombie shit.
Zombies are not real.
Zombies are real.
-Zombies are 100% real.
-No. they're not. Travis.
It's. like. movies. TV shows.
Yes. and some really
fucking excellent TV
and movies
I'd like to point out.
but that's not
what I'm talking about.
Real zombies are based
on this shit in Haiti.
It's dead bodies...
that they turn into slaves
with magic.
I can't believe
you didn't know that.
and you wanna be a vet?
Is that really what you think
is going on here. Haitian magic?
This thing is spreading.
It wants to spread.
A rat king. uh.
an exploding deer...
...a dude that wants
to throw up in your mouth!
It may be down here.
but it's trying like hell
to get out there
into the real world.
and we gotta try to stop it.
-No. thank you.
-You don't wanna save the world?
I just wanna
get home to my kid.
Okay? If no one else comes
and we stay in here.
then... we're fine.
You know? We're contained.
They're here.
Oh. fuck yes!
No. Too soon.
Oh. shit.
Griffin.
Okay. The Rev.
Ironhead. everybody knows.
-Cuba. Garbage...
-Yeah.
-...and Dr. Steven Friedman.
-Hi.
This better be
worth it. Griffin.
For a brand-new.
70-inch 4K Ultra
with a curved screen. asshole?
Who gives a shit
about a curved screen?
If they're
such hot titty.
how come it took you six months
to sell 'em?
I think a curved screen
sounds cool.
Whoa. Griffin.
-Your place is a mess.
-Huh?
Whoa. fuck.
God. that is nasty.
What is that shit?
Looks like you have
some personnel problems. Darryl.
Oh.
What did you do to my lobby?
-And where the hell are you?
-Shit. they're inside.
I'm gonna kill you. shithead.
I'm gonna kill ya.
-And obviously. you're fired.
-Okay. he saw the wall.
Jesus. look at that.
-This shit is insane.
-Going down.
It's some kind of joke.
Hey. man.
you wanna load eight TVs
in the back of my truck.
you got 20 minutes.
then I'm getting
the hell out of here
before the storm comes.
Sub-level one.
I...
I had a hygienist.
she was stealing from me.
Uh-huh.
-I mean. what can you do?
Personnel problems
are the worst.
Hello?
Feast your eyes. guys.
It's your lucky day.
This is the place.
This is
the best storage plan
you could come up with?
Your back is a time bomb!
Oh. leave me alone.
My back's fine.
Don't touch the Pontiac.
It's his baby.
Oh. boy. Looks old.
So are we. and we still work.
-Here.
-I got it.
Bend your knees.
you moron!
Oh. That's it.
Okay?
The shit we get ourselves into.
huh?
Mom? Really?
Hey. sweetie!
You look a little heavy.
What are you doing?
Just grabbing... something.
Out of your hair in two seconds.
Anthony. this is
my friend. Robert.
How ya doing. Anthony?
Heard a lot about you.
If she saw you here.
Janet would kill you.
-And me.
-Thanksgiving?
I'll work on it.
-Love you.
-Love you too. Mom.
So. when you stored
this particular piece
of ordinance here.
-you didn't think--
-What?
Your grandkids.
Oh. come on. It's not like
they know how to activate it.
Jesus! You're overcautious.
Here.
Take the 72 North.
You'll be there in 20 minutes.
-I'll get an Uber.
-Sure you don't wanna come?
Old times' sake.
I'd hack up a lung
and get us both killed.
Yeah.
You know. I never stopped
having nightmares
about that poor woman
in Australia.
Yeah. Me neither.
You'll try to save
these two. won't you?
I'll try like hell
to save us all.
He's not out there.
I don't care.
I'm not going out there.
What do you mean?
Those people are gonna die.
I have Sarah at home.
and Griffin?
He is a pig. I'm not doing it.
The guy on the phone said that
he will be here in 20 minutes.
-Twenty minutes!
-Yeah? Who is that exactly?
Some guy who talks a big game?
Some lady at Fort Belvoir
who has to hang up
and call back on her own phone?
These people are amateurs. man.
They're just
as scared as we are.
Now. if you'd told me
you talked to...
General Dick Steel or whoever.
and he said half a dozen
Sikorskys were flying in here
armed with missiles. playing
(Don't Fear) The Reaper
on big speakers.
I'd say. "For sure. let's just
kick back and let that happen."
But they aren't. Naomi. okay?
They aren't coming.
Please! Please. please!
Do not open that door.
I got one job.
All right?
It's a shit job.
but it's my shit job.
This place hired me
right out of prison.
and nobody else would do that.
So. I would very much
like to just once...
not screw something up.
You can wait here if you want.
but I'm gonna go
stop this zombie shit.
You...
You are a lot more interesting
than you look at first.
Work on that compliment.
Try it again later.
Lock the door after me.
I said.
"Rip a hole in the wall."
You ripped a hole in the wall.
You were all in. Now I'm all in.
You coming or what?
That's great work!
When are you gonna
grab one.
you lazy piece of shit?
Going up.
-Where's that coming from?
-I dunno.
Oh. my God!
Sub-level one.
My God.
What's wrong with him?
He's got COVID.
Yo! Get out of there!
What do you want?
Hey! Get outta there!
Seriously.
you should listen to us!
Get out of there!
Jesus Christ!
Open the door!
Naomi!
Mike... Mike...
Huh!
Mrs. Rooney?
Something wasn't right
about that young man.
What in God's name is going on?
Active shooter.
Come on.
I gotta get out of here.
No. No. no. no. no. no!
No. no. It's cool.
Uh. it's cool. it's fine.
You had to.
Uh. he was. like. you know.
infected with this
kind of horrible zombie shit
and he was gonna barf
all over us.
into our mouths and--
Yeah.
I got a gun. shithead!
Yeah. Let's get you outta here.
Uh. we're not gonna
take the elevator.
Let's take you over this way.
Come on.
What do you mean. "they left"?
I mean. they're not in the unit.
Why the hell not?
She said there were others
inside the facility.
and they had to warn them.
Shit. How many others?
She didn't say.
She hung up on me.
I called back four times.
She doesn't answer.
-When was this?
-Four minutes ago.
-Changes?
-Only everything.
Abigail. there's a storm
on the way.
If that fungus contacts water.
it'll spread like wildfire.
We need an aerial view.
You want
satellite reconnaissance?
I'll settle for a keyhole.
A ten-minute redirect
would do it.
You're crazy.
Operationally. I mean.
No. I'm ambitious. Abigail.
and so are you.
Come on. who do you know?
I have a friend at the ADF East.
There you go!
I'll be there in eight minutes.
Get eyes overhead ASAP.
Anyone contaminated
will read hot.
so look
for abnormal heat signatures.
Any infected people
leave that place.
I need to know
how many and where they go.
-I'm on it.
-Abigail.
You know
what I have to do. right?
I read the white paper.
And you're okay with it?
Is there a choice?
No.
Call you back in six.
Mrs. Rooney.
you're gonna go up the stairs.
take two rights.
out the side door.
and that's it.
you're good to go.
All right. Okay.
Mrs. Rooney! Mrs. Rooney!
-What?
-The gun!
Toss the gun in the river.
Okay.
Jesus Christ.
Hey. I'm armed.
you son of a bitch!
You hear me?
Griffin!
Yeah. I'm coming in strapped.
It's Teacake. man! Chill out!
You know what?
I've had it with these clowns.
What the fuck is that?
Yo! Yo! Griffin!
Put the gun away. you idiot!
-Hands in the air.
-It's me.
-My hands are in the air.
-Drop the gun.
-I don't have a gun. man.
-It... It's true. Darryl.
He does not appear
to have a gun.
-You!
-Me?
Glasses! Yeah.
Get away from that shit. man!
Don't touch that!
That is some dangerous shit.
okay?
Down on the floor.
up against the wall!
Which one. man?
On the floor or the wall?
Ironhead?
Open this door!
Ironhead. what the hell
are you doing. man?
What'd you lock him
in there for?
They're infected.
-With what?
-Open the door!
-Bad shit!
Open that door.
No.
I'm telling you. I need to--
You fucking shot me.
Yeah! And...
And I'll shoot you again!
Unless you open
that goddamn door.
Do it!
Let me out!
I will put a goddamn bullet
in your head
if you don't open that door.
Let us out!
Keep coming.
It's a bad idea. man.
Darryl? Darryl.
you gotta put the gun down.
-Darryl... Jeez--
-Shut up. you nerd!
Do it.
Last chance.
-You stupid mother--
-Hey!
Give me the gun.
Darryl!
What are you...
Oh. God!
-Come on!
-Quick!
Why are you bleeding?
I'm okay. Come on!
Come! Don't look back!
What the hell
are you doing. man?
I've never seen
anything like that.
That took a twist. bro!
You ever seen
anything like that?
No! No one has!
That's crazy.
This way. come on.
Stop!
-Abigail. heat sigs.
-Normal.
Normal!
-Robert?
-You're Naomi?
-Yeah.
-Yo.
I've had
about enough people
pointing guns at me
for one night. okay?
And you must be Travis.
Where's the rest of your crew?
I'm it.
You're it?
You're the only person?
Why is she shouting?
Gunshot next to the ear. She
can't hear on the right side.
Ah. Who else has a gun in there?
So far. everybody but us.
We'll fix that. Come on.
Ironhead. the door's locked.
and you got my key.
I've never shot a gun.
Fifteen-round magazine.
Now there's a round
in the chamber.
Trigger safety right on it.
Nothing to it.
Okay. you two may have started
the night minimum-wage guards
working the graveyard.
But you're
a Green Light Team now.
Okay?
What are those?
Level-four hazmat suits.
positive pressurization.
self-contained breathing.
fully chem-resistant.
and a two-way radio.
Put 'em on.
You have to go back downstairs
to place this device.
It has a selectable yield.
Point three. five. ten.
or 80 kilotons.
We'll go with three.
Nah. maybe five. what the hell.
Wait a second.
Uh. you brought a nuke--
A nuke? A...
A fucking suitcase bomb?
Listen to me.
It is not a suitcase bomb.
There's no such thing
as a suitcase bomb.
What kind of invading
ground force carries suitcases?
That is a nuke. You... Are...
What are you. nuts?
Have you seen
what the fungus can do?
You're gonna kill everybody
in eastern Kansas. man!
We're not
killing anyone.
Detonation will be hundreds
of feet underground.
This immediate area
will be irradiated.
but there will be
no atmospheric fallout...
and the problem will be solved.
Do it right.
and we'll all get medals.
He's right.
You saw how fast
that thing spreads.
You'll carry this
down to sub-level four
and activate
the triggering mechanism.
I'll show you how.
Once it starts.
you have between nine
and 16 minutes to get out
and get a mile away from here.
Between nine and 16?
The timer duration's
a little unstable
without a metal wire.
Okay. yeah.
What are you gonna do?
I'm gonna stay up here.
and remove
any infected organisms
that try to escape the area.
-Remove?
-I'm going to kill them. Naomi.
I'm going to execute people
whose only crime
is that they were exposed
to a deadly fungus.
You want my part of the job
or yours?
Yeah. Strap that shit on me.
Aah!
Oh. my God!
Get away from me.
Get away. Get back.
Easy. man.
That was... horrible.
So. I think we should all
just get out of here.
No shit. we're leaving.
You first. Go on.
Cuba?
I don't feel so good--
I gotta
get out of here!
Okay. maybe four minutes
to get down there.
a couple minutes to set it up.
four to get back here.
No. up is harder.
Six minutes minimum.
Going down.
-You've got incoming.
-Where?
Around the corner
of the building. Ten seconds.
Male. moving fast. major heat
signature. On the left.
-I got nothing!
-More left!
-Nothing!
-More left...
He's right behind you!
Get this shit off of me!
Son of a bitch!
Damn.
this thing's heavy.
Want me to carry it?
I got it.
Okay.
chuck it down there?
-Hope for the best?
-I don't think so.
Robert.
are you all right?
It's my fucking back.
I can still take them out
-from here.
-Shit.
Okay. almost there. Yeah.
I got it.
Go on.
Nobody leaves.
Robert. what the hell
is happening there?
What was that?
Where are you going?
How much time
we have to get out?
At least nine minutes
after we start the timer.
Yeah.
what if that's not enough?
I don't know. we die?
-It's stuck!
-Hang on. Let me help.
Watch your step.
Oh!
You've gotta be kidding me.
-What happened?
-It found water.
Uh. if it makes it
through that pipe.
it'll get into the groundwater
and then that
will take it through
to the Missouri River.
Let's blow this shit up.
Do you think
we have to put it in that room?
Nah. here's fine.
Yo. wait.
The timer's already going.
Oh. my God!
That son of a bitch started it!
Come on!
I hate this job.
We're never gonna
make it out of here in these.
Take it off! Take it off!
Oh. shit.
-How much time we got?
-The timer duration is unstable.
-What the hell does that mean?
-It might go off early.
it might go off late.
Just hurry up!
Things are getting
a bit unpleasant here. Abigail.
That fungus
is moving towards you.
No kidding.
Go to the door.
Keep moving!
Ah! Whoa!
Fuck--
Whoa...
Hey. asshole! You're all out!
I heard your clip go dry.
You think so?
Come on out here and find out!
I think I'm fucked up.
You're next.
you bastard!
You trashed
my bike. huh?
Fine. I'll take your ride.
This is some
every-man-for-himself
kind of shit going on here.
You gotta go.
Go fuck yourself.
Take your greasy hand
out of his pants.
Who the hell are you?
-Okay to go?
-Okay to go!
Go where?
You were right.
Your back is fine.
Oh. shut up.
Is that guy
trying to kill us or what?
Whoa!
Shit.
Yo! You gotta get out of here!
Oh.
that's not so great.
Were you paying attention
when he showed you how to--
Yeah. You were.
-Trini. we need to leave. Now!
-Come on! Come on!
-No go! No go! No go!
-Okay.
Jeez. We're clean! We're clean!
We're clean!
We... We have to leave!
Holy shit! Griffin's dead.
Yeah.
That guy was an asshole.
You started that timer on us!
I knew you could get out.
-You did not know that!
-I had a hunch.
-You had a hunch?
-A solid hunch!
I did not think these two
shitheads were gonna make it.
We haven't yet.
How much time we got?
It should've gone off
one minute
and seven seconds ago.
You brought a defective
suitcase bomb. didn't you?
There is no such thing
as a suitcase bomb.
I already told him that.
The timer duration is unstable.
Would you all please
stop saying that?
How about now?
Oh!
Oh. shit! My son's car!
A nuclear event has occurred.
Ionized radiation detected
in zone five.
This is not a drill.
Someone tell me
what the hell just happened!
A nuclear event has--
I'm sorry. Colonel.
that's not accurate.
In the hours
immediately following
the Atchison incident.
you tried to silence
the very people
-who prevented the spread...
-Hold on.
-...of the fungus!
-Hold on. now.
No. no.
but this is...
Yeah.
go ahead. jerk-off.
-You tried...
-Try to spin your ass
out of this one.
I'd like to get back
to talk about the preparations
we are now making to ensure
that nothing like this happens
in the future.
-do you...
-Asshole.
And you may well
have been successful
if not for the heroic actions
of this man.
retired DTRA officer
-Robert Quinn...
-Yeah.
...whose white paper report
from 2009
warned of the possibility
of this very incident.
No.
I don't think people...
So. what's the over
on how long till he gets fired?
Forty-eight hours?
Abigail?
-Ishani. actually.
-Ishani.
My white paper got out.
That was you?
-Mama didn't raise no patsies.
-Nice!
So are your drugs. apparently.
Hey! Macallan. How did you know?
I cheated. It was in your file.
Yeah?
I wanted to... thank you.
For what?
For reminding me why I joined.
To blow shit up?
To be there... when needed.
And you were.
Hey. mission ain't over.
Pour me a large one.
Not on the painkillers. dummy.
Oh!
-Careful!
-Look out.
I was about. like. uh...
16. 17. thereabouts.
Me and my boys were
rolling around.
got the munchies.
and we pull off.
and we get some Twinkies
or something like that.
I'm the last one in. though.
so they get all the good stuff.
and all that's left
when I get there
is this thing called
Aunt Sarah's Teacake.
So...
This is where the nickname
came from?
I buy it. I like it.
I say I wanna go back.
get another one.
and for some reason.
my boys think this
is some hilarious shit.
-I mean. good stuff. so...
-Hmm.
...they started
saying things like.
"Hey. Teacake.
"Where's your teacake. huh?"
You know?
Crazy. brilliant. witty... stuff
-like that. and that was it.
-Stuff.
I was Teacake.
And I never really heard
my given name since.
Nobody even asked me.
Till you.
See. Travis?
Loquacious.
Whoa.